# This file was autogenerated by uv via the following command:
#    uv pip compile requirements.in -o requirements.txt
aiohttp==3.9.5
    # via nikola
aiosignal==1.3.1
    # via aiohttp
anyio==4.3.0
    # via
    #   httpx
    #   jupyter-server
argon2-cffi==23.1.0
    # via jupyter-server
argon2-cffi-bindings==21.2.0
    # via argon2-cffi
arrow==1.3.0
    # via isoduration
asttokens==2.4.1
    # via stack-data
async-lru==2.0.4
    # via jupyterlab
async-timeout==4.0.3
    # via aiohttp
attrs==23.2.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
babel==2.14.0
    # via
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nikola
beautifulsoup4==4.12.3
    # via nbconvert
bleach==6.1.0
    # via nbconvert
blinker==1.7.0
    # via nikola
certifi==2024.2.2
    # via
    #   httpcore
    #   httpx
    #   requests
cffi==1.16.0
    # via argon2-cffi-bindings
charset-normalizer==3.3.2
    # via requests
cloudpickle==3.0.0
    # via doit
comm==0.2.2
    # via ipykernel
debugpy==1.8.1
    # via ipykernel
decorator==5.1.1
    # via ipython
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via nbconvert
docutils==0.21.1
    # via nikola
doit==0.36.0
    # via nikola
exceptiongroup==1.3.0
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   ipython
executing==2.0.1
    # via stack-data
fastjsonschema==2.19.1
    # via nbformat
fqdn==1.5.1
    # via jsonschema
frozenlist==1.4.1
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   aiosignal
ghp-import==2.1.0
    # via nikola
h11==0.14.0
    # via httpcore
hsluv==5.0.4
    # via nikola
html5lib==1.1
    # via nikola
httpcore==1.0.5
    # via httpx
httpx==0.27.0
    # via jupyterlab
idna==3.7
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
    #   jsonschema
    #   requests
    #   yarl
importlib-metadata==7.1.0
    # via
    #   doit
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-lsp
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   markdown
    #   nbconvert
    #   pygal
ipykernel==6.29.4
    # via
    #   jupyterlab
    #   nikola
ipython==8.18.1
    # via ipykernel
isoduration==20.11.0
    # via jsonschema
jedi==0.19.1
    # via ipython
jinja2==3.1.4
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbconvert
    #   nikola
json5==0.9.25
    # via jupyterlab-server
jsonpointer==2.4
    # via jsonschema
jsonschema[format-nongpl]==4.21.1
    # via
    #   jupyter-events
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbformat
jsonschema-specifications==2023.12.1
    # via jsonschema
jupyter-client==8.6.1
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclient
jupyter-core==5.7.2
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
jupyter-events==0.10.0
    # via jupyter-server
jupyter-lsp==2.2.5
    # via jupyterlab
jupyter-server==2.14.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-lsp
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   notebook
    #   notebook-shim
jupyter-server-terminals==0.5.3
    # via jupyter-server
jupyterlab==4.1.6
    # via notebook
jupyterlab-pygments==0.3.0
    # via nbconvert
jupyterlab-server==2.26.0
    # via
    #   jupyterlab
    #   notebook
lxml==5.2.1
    # via nikola
mako==1.3.3
    # via nikola
markdown==3.6
    # via nikola
markupsafe==2.1.5
    # via
    #   jinja2
    #   mako
    #   nbconvert
matplotlib-inline==0.1.7
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
micawber==0.5.5
    # via nikola
mistune==3.0.2
    # via nbconvert
multidict==6.0.5
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
natsort==8.4.0
    # via nikola
nbclient==0.10.0
    # via nbconvert
nbconvert==7.16.3
    # via jupyter-server
nbformat==5.10.4
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
nest-asyncio==1.6.0
    # via ipykernel
nikola[extras]==8.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   nikola
notebook==7.1.3
    # via nikola
notebook-shim==0.2.4
    # via
    #   jupyterlab
    #   notebook
overrides==7.7.0
    # via jupyter-server
packaging==24.0
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbconvert
pandocfilters==1.5.1
    # via nbconvert
parso==0.8.4
    # via jedi
pexpect==4.9.0
    # via ipython
phpserialize==1.3
    # via nikola
piexif==1.1.3
    # via nikola
pillow==10.3.0
    # via nikola
platformdirs==4.2.0
    # via jupyter-core
prometheus-client==0.20.0
    # via jupyter-server
prompt-toolkit==3.0.43
    # via ipython
psutil==5.9.8
    # via ipykernel
ptyprocess==0.7.0
    # via
    #   pexpect
    #   terminado
pure-eval==0.2.2
    # via stack-data
pycparser==2.22
    # via cffi
pygal==3.0.4
    # via nikola
pygments==2.17.2
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   nbconvert
    #   nikola
pyphen==0.14.0
    # via nikola
pyrss2gen==1.1
    # via nikola
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via
    #   arrow
    #   ghp-import
    #   jupyter-client
    #   nikola
python-json-logger==2.0.7
    # via jupyter-events
pyyaml==6.0.1
    # via jupyter-events
pyzmq==26.0.0
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
referencing==0.34.0
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jsonschema-specifications
    #   jupyter-events
requests==2.31.0
    # via
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nikola
rfc3339-validator==0.1.4
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jupyter-events
rfc3986-validator==0.1.1
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jupyter-events
rpds-py==0.18.0
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
ruamel-yaml==0.18.6
    # via nikola
ruamel-yaml-clib==0.2.8
    # via ruamel-yaml
send2trash==1.8.3
    # via jupyter-server
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   asttokens
    #   bleach
    #   html5lib
    #   python-dateutil
    #   rfc3339-validator
smartypants==2.0.1
    # via typogrify
sniffio==1.3.1
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
soupsieve==2.5
    # via beautifulsoup4
stack-data==0.6.3
    # via ipython
terminado==0.18.1
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyter-server-terminals
tinycss2==1.2.1
    # via nbconvert
toml==0.10.2
    # via nikola
tomli==2.2.1
    # via jupyterlab
tornado==6.5.1
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   notebook
    #   terminado
traitlets==5.14.2
    # via
    #   comm
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-core
    #   jupyter-events
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   matplotlib-inline
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
types-python-dateutil==2.9.0.20240316
    # via arrow
typing-extensions==4.13.2
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   async-lru
    #   exceptiongroup
    #   ipython
typogrify==2.0.7
    # via nikola
unidecode==1.3.8
    # via nikola
uri-template==1.3.0
    # via jsonschema
urllib3==2.2.1
    # via requests
watchdog==4.0.0
    # via nikola
wcwidth==0.2.13
    # via prompt-toolkit
webcolors==1.13
    # via jsonschema
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via
    #   bleach
    #   html5lib
    #   tinycss2
websocket-client==1.7.0
    # via jupyter-server
yarl==1.9.4
    # via aiohttp
zipp==3.18.1
    # via importlib-metadata
